Just ten minutes ago,
they said she passed the main gate.
-Ten minutes ago?
-Yes, sir.
Ten minutes? You bastard!
You let your subordinate
walk all over you,
but you want to stand out
in front of cameras?
-Huh? Is that it?
-Mr. An.
This is the Rhine.
Hey, Pi.
Pi!
She cut me off.
She cut me off!
How dare she!
You bastard! Go bring Han-na now!
Bring Han-na!
Damn it.
Hey!
God damn it!
This belongs to Pi?
Was it
because of Yeong-ro?
Since she's the director's daughter,
they made you
a tapping room for security reasons?
In case he joined a protest,
they asked you to watch her?
Did my agency threaten you
to make you do that,
Ms. Pi?
Ms. Pi.
-Was it really because of me?
-Of course not.
Don't try so hard to understand.
An inflexible stickler for the rules
turned out to be spying for the ANSP.
That's the truth.
But…
Jeong-min's been protesting,
but you let her be.
Repeat after me.
Spies come in chaos,
and prosperity comes in peace.
You tenacious wench.
How many more times do I have to tell you?
If we… No, if I say
you're a spy, then you are a spy.
A trial? That's just a formality.
What are you doing? Look down properly!
If you don't change your mind,
you'll get swept away down there
without a trace.
It's so cold, isn't it?
Let's make it quick.
All right. You've been
to Pyongyang.
With your boyfriend. Right?
As I make someone a spy,
I feel like I'm lovesick.
I've been only watching you
for the last few months.
I've been working so hard
to make you a spy!
You're a spy, right?
You're the one, aren't you?
You're the one who went to Pyongyang
with your lover! Who else would it be?
Tell me!
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you everything! I swear!
I'll tell you everything!
I swear!
I get the feeling
that you have
an ill-fated relationship with the ANSP.
A relationship? Being pestered
by evil men isn't a relationship.
After framing two innocent people
for espionage and getting them killed,
you people were awarded medals
and prize money!
For serving the country loyally!
You think I'll ever forget it?